Implementation:
Using pivot as params

TODO:
    Choose basic ops and stay consistent in both

    Look at repeats
    Assess timing
    Assess Big-O
    Assess basic ops
   display correlations between n and basic operations, n and run times, n and estimated run times.
.   use (a) empirical evidence and (b) sufficient analysis


    Questions to answer:
    (50 points) Using the code that you wrote and tested for MergeSort and QuickSort,  run both algorithms using random data of various sizes of n = 2^k, k an integer greater than or equal to 10. 
    (50 points) Which is generally faster (QuickSort or MergeSort)?
        Why (remember why means compare both sides of the proverbial coin)?
    (25 points) Which generally has less basic operations?  Why?
    (50 points) Were your estimated times consistent (meaning
        is the actual time close to and does it follow roughly the same
        time deltas as the actual time did)?  Why or why not?


    (75 points) Please also pick ONE of the recurrence relations
        that you programmed for Merge/QuickSort (best of time
        complexities or worst of time complexities), use the
        recurrence relation to create a candidate solution.
        Then use induction to prove the candidate solution satisfies
        the recurrence relation with the given initial constraint.
        Don't forget:
            (a) write the recurrence relation,
            (b) explain if there are any limitations on n (such as n a power of 3),
            (c) explain why the initial constraint is that value,
            (d) prove the base case,
            (e) assume it's true
            (f) prove it's true for n+1, 2n, etc. by altering the left and right
                sides until they are equivalent, (f) QED or thus we see and state
                the recurrence equals the candidate solution.  Good luck!


    Extra credit (up to 25 Points).
    What could you do or did you do to improve the estimates?
        More points awarded for doing rather than just saying.
        Again, although you can have two tables with big-O estimates
        (the first like we did in class based strictly off of the big-O
        and a second table outlining what you did differently to
        get better estimates), you will get more points for graphically
        showing your results.  What are the lessons learned?  Show deep learning.

    (Part of the 25 extra credit points, continued)
    In addition to the minimum induction that you are required to prove, show why,
        using summations that the worst case for MergeSort or the best case for QuickSort, is the candidate solution.